---
layout: post
title: "Who Am I"
date: 2016-08-16 6:51PM
author: Aaron McKinney
---
Hi, my name is Aaron McKinney and I am a programmer.
I have been a programmer since I was 13 years old. It all
started because I loved video games. I was that guy. I wanted
to be able to create my own video games. I was unaware of tools
that could be used to create them without needing to know any
coding.

I am so glad that I was completely oblivious to such tools like
Unity, Unreal Engine, RPG Maker, and others. I would have never
known the joys of programming if I had never started down the path I did.
I picked up a book called "Visual Basic Game Programming for Teens Secoond
edition" by Johnathan S. Harbour. Being unable to get the source code to work
after once I hit the direct x portion of the book. I decided that I would
learn a different language and then port the code to that programming language
(I have still yet to perform this port).

I then bought some other books on C++ and programming and it all started to really
click. I could program, but what was more I could write my own programs.
That was almost 8 years ago.

Today I am driven by much the same passion, but I discovered so many more
things that you could do with programming. I learned that I wanted to not just
be able to program games, but to be able to create the operating system that runs
them and the programming language that they are written in.

So a longer story short. I am a programmer and I love Operating System design, 
compiler implementation, and game programming. I love programming.

```c++
#include <iostream>
int main()
{
	std::cout << "Hello, World" << std::endl;
	return 0;
}
```
